c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.Droid.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.Droid.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.Droid.apk
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\Camara.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\Camara.Droid.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\Camara.Droid.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\Camara.Droid.apk
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\obj\Debug\Camara.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara.Droid\bin\Debug\Camara.Droid.dll.mdb
