c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Camara.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Camara.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Foto.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.dll
c:\users\luis\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.pdb
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Camara.dll.config
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\ContactosModel.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.Core.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\ContactosModel.pdb
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.Core.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\RestSharp.Portable.HttpClient.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.dll.mdb
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Camara.dll.mdb
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\obj\Debug\Camara.dll.mdb
C:\Users\luis\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Camara\Camara\Camara\bin\Debug\Camara.dll.mdb
